c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\csi.exe.config
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\System.Console.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.Process.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Compression.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.DriveInfo.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Pipes.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\System.Security.AccessControl.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Claims.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Principal.Windows.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\System.Threading.Thread.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\System.ValueTuple.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\mls.dll.config
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\mls.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\mls.pdb
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Owin.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.initial.resources
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.dll
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.pdb
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.changestatusint.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.viewmodel.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.vm2.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.adddetailsvm.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.shipin.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.shipinv2.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.addnotes.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.shipinnotes1.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.shipout.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.changeshipout.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.changeshipout1.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.ncr.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.ncr1.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.masterpart.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.location.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.intchange.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.pfep.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.pfeps.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.pfepvm.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.ncrdispositionnreq.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\System.Linq.Dynamic.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.wo.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.wov1.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.wov2.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.wov3.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.wo4.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.wo5.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.addsotopartial.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\DotNet.Highcharts.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.ptid.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.changesfdate.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.save1pfep.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.downrpt.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.buildhistory.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.downreport.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.scrum.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.scrum1.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.mpldecimal.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.apd.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.supplier.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\bin\FusionCharts.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.employee.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.createdby.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Host.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.xml
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Host.xml
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.emailadd.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.multtable.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.choil.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.expfreight.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.files.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.scrumup1.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.scrumup2.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.FilePath.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.ncrtype.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.updatesexp.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\ClosedXML.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\FastMember.Signed.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\SendGrid.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\ClosedXML.pdb
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\ClosedXML.xml
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.xml
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\SendGrid.pdb
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\SendGrid.xml
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.delchoil.resources
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.TelemetryCorrelation.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.TelemetryCorrelation.xml
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
C:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mls\mls\obj\Release\mls.Migrations.ncrchina.resources
